In this lecture, will start writing a J unit
test case for our userDAO class and
we will prepare it to mock the static
method in the ID generator so to do that
right click on the user DAO class say
new junit test case leave the options
as is except for the source folder from
SRC change it to test hit finish even before
we start implementing our test method we
need to do some preparation while using
power mocks the first thing is to use
the run with annotation which I have
explained in the junit lectures the
run with annotation tells the j unit
that at runtime we want to use a
different runner instead of the default
j unit runner while using power mock we
should use the power mock runner from
power mock  powermock dot class this power mock runner
is from the powermock modules
for j unit the second important
annotation is the prepare for tests
prepare for tests and we pass the
classes that we want to mock at runtime
we tell this to the power mock API using
the prepare for tests ID generator dot
class and import the ID generator this
tells powermock that we are doing
something special or we need something
special at runtime and we are asking
power mock to prepare it using the
custom class loader or using the
bytecode manipulation or whatever magic
it does behind the scenes we want powermock
to do all that for this particular class
so that we can mock out the static
methods inside this class and this test
is run one final piece is to import just
static methods inside that power mockito
since we are using the mockito
flavor of power mach there is a power
mockito class and we want to import all
the static methods that are available on
this class so that we can use
them in the next lecture when we start
testing our user DAO.